1. Alright guys It's Back am outside Am at the town .. at the bridge?
2. Did you... Did you separated are you alone?
3. Man you're having a bad day, huh!
4. .. Try to find the weapons
5. Look, hm... Don't worry i got good eyes up here So don't panic am gona walk you back to team
6. `Shit` you got contact close West of you The enemy is trying bypass the wall
7. Nice Okay You got him Better grab his ammo
8. Okay uh Other side of the green wall there is Two-story building you need to pass throught
9. Carefully you don't know what inside
10. If you got supply crate in there You gonna resupply the weapons and ammo
11. Okay You got three hostiles outside I think they heart the shot
12. `Fucking` hey! Look at you! Good kill!
13. .. building next up the bus. yeah i see first objective area. You need secure that building and keep pushing into the town i can see your team They just ahead 
14. Oh, hold up your friendgies is close your team just outside Do not shoot them. Okay? they moving to the next objective. Go with them
15. Woah, lot activity up ahead The white two story building .. South-West 5-7 plus that is a weapon cache is You gotta blow it up
16. .. I guess you don't had a termits Oaky i dunno Maybe they got I.E.D. in there you could use. Just search througt the cache and try to find this one
17. And watch you armed get outside altight stay way back before you blow it
18. Nice
19. Alright now keep moving West of you by a Hungred meters there is final objective .. Pick you guys up!
20. Oh hey! you got enemy counter attack incoming i can see them .. `Fuck` it's a lot of them
21. Ah, `shit` they are firing mortars
22. Ah, `fuck` they got RPG team ..
23. Ah, `fuck` they got RPG team
24. Ah it isn't working you need to call for fire support .. and get the commanders binoculars
25. .. Gunship attack on the bridge. Stay next your observer
26. Good work the gunship on it's way. .. Keep your heads down
27. .. am not able to land
28. . on the road get in
29. okay look's like the enemy is `fucking` out. Yeah they retpeat and `fuck` it off. You're good to go. Cache is destroyed mission complete. Nice work. Cleric out!